README.md, before:

# LAA estimate financial eligibility for legal aid

[![repo standards badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/dynamic/json?color=blue&style=for-the-badge&logo=github&label=MoJ%20Compliant&query=%24.data%5B%3F%28%40.name%20%3D%3D%20%22laa-estimate-financial-eligibility-for-legal-aid%22%29%5D.status&url=https%3A%2F%2Foperations-engineering-reports.cloud-platform.service.justice.gov.uk%2Fgithub_repositories)](https://operations-engineering-reports.cloud-platform.service.justice.gov.uk/github_repositories#laa-estimate-financial-eligibility-for-legal-aid "Link to report")

This is a calculator for providers to obtain a quick estimate to decide if a client is eligible for Legal Aid

## Documentation for developers.

The new 'propshaft' asset pipeline (specifically jsbundling-rails and cssbundling-rails gems) has a 'test:prepare'
task that gets invoked in lots of useful places -
see https://stackoverflow.com/questions/71262775/how-do-i-ensure-assets-are-present-with-rail-7-cssbundling-rails-jsbundling-ra

## Dependencies

- Ruby version

  - Ruby version 3.x
  - Rails 7.0.x

- System dependencies
  - postgres
  - yarn

Install dependencies:

```
bundle install
yarn build
yarn build:css
```

### Initial setup

Git-crypt is used for encryption. It uses either your personal public key or a symmetric key.

To obtain the symmetric key you will need to get access to LastPass. Liase with a team member for this. Once you have the the key you can unlock:

    git-crypt unlock path-to-symmetric-key

### Sentry

Sentry is a realtime application monitoring and error tracking service. The service has separate monitoring for UAT/dev, Staging and Production.

New error messages can be added using the ```Sentry.capture_exception()``` or ```Sentry.capture_message()``` methods:
```
def test_sentry 
  begin 
    1 / 0 
  rescue ZeroDivisionError => exception 
    Sentry.capture_exception(exception) 
   end
end
```
or

```Sentry.capture_message("This is the error message that is sent to Sentry")```

### Deploying to UAT/Staging/Production

The service uses `helm` to deploy to Cloud Platform Environments via CircleCI. This can be installed using:

`brew install helm`

To view helm deployments in a namespace the command is:

`helm -n <namespace> ls --all`

e.g. `helm -n laa-estimate-financial-eligibility-for-legal-aid-uat ls --all`

Deployments can be deleted by running:

`helm delete <name-of-deployment>`

e.g. `helm -n laa-estimate-financial-eligibility-for-legal-aid-uat delete el-351-employment-questions-pa`

It is also possible to manually deploy to an environment from the command line, the structure of the command can be found in `bin/uat_deployment`

Commit message:

EL-483: Add flipper (#201)
* Add flipper

* Fix new specs

README.md, after:

# LAA estimate financial eligibility for legal aid

[![repo standards badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/dynamic/json?color=blue&style=for-the-badge&logo=github&label=MoJ%20Compliant&query=%24.data%5B%3F%28%40.name%20%3D%3D%20%22laa-estimate-financial-eligibility-for-legal-aid%22%29%5D.status&url=https%3A%2F%2Foperations-engineering-reports.cloud-platform.service.justice.gov.uk%2Fgithub_repositories)](https://operations-engineering-reports.cloud-platform.service.justice.gov.uk/github_repositories#laa-estimate-financial-eligibility-for-legal-aid "Link to report")

This is a calculator for providers to obtain a quick estimate to decide if a client is eligible for Legal Aid

## Documentation for developers.

The new 'propshaft' asset pipeline (specifically jsbundling-rails and cssbundling-rails gems) has a 'test:prepare'
task that gets invoked in lots of useful places -
see https://stackoverflow.com/questions/71262775/how-do-i-ensure-assets-are-present-with-rail-7-cssbundling-rails-jsbundling-ra

## Dependencies

- Ruby version

  - Ruby version 3.x
  - Rails 7.0.x

- System dependencies
  - postgres
  - yarn

Install dependencies:

```
bundle install
yarn build
yarn build:css
```

### Initial setup

Git-crypt is used for encryption. It uses either your personal public key or a symmetric key.

To obtain the symmetric key you will need to get access to LastPass. Liase with a team member for this. Once you have the the key you can unlock:

    git-crypt unlock path-to-symmetric-key

### Sentry

Sentry is a realtime application monitoring and error tracking service. The service has separate monitoring for UAT/dev, Staging and Production.

New error messages can be added using the ```Sentry.capture_exception()``` or ```Sentry.capture_message()``` methods:
```
def test_sentry 
  begin 
    1 / 0 
  rescue ZeroDivisionError => exception 
    Sentry.capture_exception(exception) 
   end
end
```
or

```Sentry.capture_message("This is the error message that is sent to Sentry")```

### Feature flags

We use Flipper to manage feature flags.
While our flagging requirements are simple we set desired flag values in env vars and transfer them to Flipper's file-based data store in an initializer.
To add a new feature flag, set a `"#{flag_name.upcase}_FEATURE_FLAG"` env var in all environments where you want the flag enabled.
Then add `flag_name` to the list of flags Flipper should read from in `config/initializers/flipper.rb`.

To use the feature flag in your code, just call `Flipper.enabled?(:flag_name)`.

In tests, you can temporarily enable a feature flag with `Flipper.enable(:flag_name)`.
However, flags are _not_ reset between specs, so to avoid polluting other tests use an `around` block and call `Flipper.disable(:flag_name)` once the test has run.

### Deploying to UAT/Staging/Production

The service uses `helm` to deploy to Cloud Platform Environments via CircleCI. This can be installed using:

`brew install helm`

To view helm deployments in a namespace the command is:

`helm -n <namespace> ls --all`

e.g. `helm -n laa-estimate-financial-eligibility-for-legal-aid-uat ls --all`

Deployments can be deleted by running:

`helm delete <name-of-deployment>`

e.g. `helm -n laa-estimate-financial-eligibility-for-legal-aid-uat delete el-351-employment-questions-pa`

It is also possible to manually deploy to an environment from the command line, the structure of the command can be found in `bin/uat_deployment`
